Documentation user table admin (#1539)
kartoza/sawps: docs/src/administrator/manual/django-admin.md

1. **Welcome**: Displays welcome with admin name.

2. **View Site**: Clicking on this option will take users to the `SAWPS` website.

3. **Change Password**: Clicking on this option allows users to change their admin password. Users will be prompted to provide their current password and set a new one.

    ![Change Password](./img/admin-8.png)

    **Input Fields**

    1. **Old Password**: In this field, users should provide the current password associated with the user account. This is a mandatory field.

    2. **New Password**: In this field, users should enter the new password they want to set for their account. The password should meet the following criteria:

    * The password can't be too similar to other personal information.
    * The password must contain at least 12 characters.
    * The password can't be a commonly used password.
    * The password can't be entirely numeric.
    * The password should include the following:
    * Numeric character
    * Uppercase letter
    * Special character (@#%;)

    * Ensure that the new password adheres to these requirements.

>     3. **New Password Confirmation**: Re-enter the new password in this field to confirm it. It should match the password entered in the `New Password` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. **New Password Confirmation**: Administrators should re-enter the new password in this field to confirm it. It should match the password entered in the `New Password` field.
```

    4. **Change My Password Button**: Once users have filled in the required information, they can click the `CHANGE MY PASSWORD` button to submit the form. If all the input is valid and the new password meets the criteria, the password for the user account will be updated.

> After successfully changing the password, the user will receive a confirmation message indicating that the password has been updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successfully changing the password, the administrator will receive a confirmation message indicating that the password has been updated.
```

4. **Log Out**: Clicking on this option will log the user out of the admin panel and return the user to the login page.

    ![Logout admin page](./img/admin-9.png)

    1. **Log in again**: Clicking this option will open the login page.

> 5. **Recent Actions**: The `Recent Actions` section is typically located on the right side of the admin panel and provides a list of recent actions that have been performed within the admin interface. These actions may include additions, deletions, or changes to data in your project. Clicking on any of the available links will take a user to the detail of recent action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Recent Actions**: The `Recent Actions` section is typically located on the right side of the administration panel and provides a list of recent actions that have been performed within the administration interface. These actions may include additions, deletions, or changes to data in the project. Clicking on any of the available links will take an administrator to the detail of recent action.
```

> 6. **Site Administration**: Site Administration this section provides links to various models and apps registered with the admin panel. It serves as the primary navigation point for managing a project's data. Clicking on any of the available links will take a user to the respective model's management page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **Site Administration**: This section provides links to various models and apps registered with the admin panel. It serves as the primary navigation point for managing a project's data. Clicking on any of the available links will take an administrator to the respective model's management page.
```

> 7. **Add**: This button is used to create a new item of the associated model. Clicking on `Add` link will open a form where users can enter the details of the new record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. **Add**: This button is used to create a new item of the associated model. Clicking on the `Add` link will open a form where administrators can enter the details of the new record.
```

> 8. **Change**: This button is used to edit an existing item from the list. When users click the `Change` button, they will be redirected to a page where they can see all the associate data of that model and can select data to change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. **Change**: This button is used to edit an existing item from the list. When administrators click the `Change` button, they will be redirected to a page where they can see all the associate data of that model and can select data to change.
```

> * **Table**: To see data in a table, click on the table name.

Reviewer: Remove this line

## Django Admin Table

![Django Admin Table](./img/admin-11.png)

> 1. **Table Name**: Clicking on the table name will allow users to see the table name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Table Name**: Clicking on the table name will allow administrators to see the table name.
```

2. **Table**: Displays the table with the data.

> * For more information, click on the [table](django-table.md) to see the tables documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For more information, click [here](django-table.md) to see the tables documentation
```

> * For more information, click on the [add](django-add-data.md) to see how to add a new data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For more information, click [here](django-add-data.md) to see how to add a new data.
```

> * For more information, click on the [edit](django-change-data.md) to see how to edit data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For more information, click [here](django-change-data.md) to see how to edit data.
```
